---
title: "Building the Walkable City in China: Challenges and Plannings"
collection: talks
type: "Conference proceedings talk"
permalink: /talks/2012-01-01-talk-1
venue: "91st TRB annual meeting"
date: 2012-01-01
location: "Washington D.C., US"
---

摘要：In the past two decades, China has been experiencing rapid urbanization and motorization. Issues of traffic congestion, air pollution and walking safety caused by urbanization and motorization greatly damage the welfare of pedestrians. The auto-centric concept and the neglect of walking during planning also bring up a number of challenges for pedestrians. This paper outlines the important challenges of walking. The efforts made by Chinese national and city governments to deal with these challenges are then presented. The pedestrian master plan plays an important role in the plan-to-project delivery process. Therefore, this paper closes by introducing the framework and main contents of the pedestrian master plan and discussing problems associated with it, including the lack of data, inadequate attention to walking-transit connection and enforcement and education, and lack of public participation. They point to several promising approaches to improving the pedestrian master plan and strengthening governments' responsibilities to improve the pedestrian environment. Additionally, this work can be a useful reference to understand the challenges and problems during building a walkable city, in a rapidly growing, urbanizing and motorizing society.

引用：Yiling Deng, Xiucheng Guo, Mao Ye, Yadan Yan. Building the Walkable City in China: Challenges and Plannings. Presented at the 91st TRB annual meeting, 2012.