---
title: "The Pedestrian and Cycling Planning in a Medium-sized City"
collection: talks
type: "Conference proceedings talk"
permalink: /talks/2012-10-01-talk-2
venue: "International Conference on Low-carbon Transportation, Logistics, and Green Buildings Proceedings"
date: 2012-10-01
location: "Beijing, China"
---

摘要：Walking and cycling are important component in the urban transportation, residents’life and leisure activities, especially in the medium and small cities.Improving the pedestrian and cycling environment is important, and the pedestrian and cycling planning plays an important role in the process. A pedestrian and cycling planning is introduced in this paper, taking Xuancheng, a medium-sized city as an example. Basing on the analysis of the existing conditions and issues of walking and cycling in Xuancheng, and considering the requirement of residents and the visions of upper level plannings,the planning goals including safety, priority and vibrancy are proposed as well as five objects to support these goals. Then, the planning strategies and actions including structure planning, differentiation district control, important district improvement, public transit access and advanced design guidelines are introduced in detail. At last, some suggestions are given to the planning implementation and management.

引用：Yiling Deng, Xiucheng Guo, Yadan Yan, Xiaohong Jiang. The Pedestrian and Cycling Planning
in a Medium-sized City. International Conference on Low-carbon Transportation, Logistics, and
Green Buildings Proceedings, 2012.