---
title: "An Analysis of Metro Peak-Hour Boarding and Alighting in Hangzhou, China"
collection: talks
type: "Conference proceedings talk"
permalink: /talks/2015-01-01-talk-3
venue: "94st TRB annual meeting"
date: 2015-01-01
location: "Washington D.C., US"
---

摘要：While most previous studies of transit usage were conducted for either the average daily ridership or the average daily boarding, this study focused on metro peak-hour boarding and alighting, which were crucial for the design of stations and intermodal connection facilities. After analyzing the range of pedestrian catchment area (PCA) and the factors influencing metro usage, the related data were collected by observation and Geographic Information System (GIS). The Pearson correlation analysis was used to test correlation between factors and metro usage and multi-collinearity. Then three partial least squares (PLS) regression models were developed to explain the relationships of weekday ridership, peak-hour boarding and alighting with the factors at 31 metro stations in Hangzhou. The results showed that 9, 12 and 11 independent variables were important to explain the 3 dependent variables respectively, with the variable importance for projection (VIP) greater than 1.0. The results not only confirm some findings from previous studies but also demonstrate distinct differences regarding some variables specific to the Chinese context. Additionally, the differences of importance in some variables by differentiating the time period are discovered in this study.

引用：Jiabin Li, Xiucheng Guo, Yueyan Xu, Yiling Deng. An Analysis of Metro Peak-Hour Boarding and Alighting in Hangzhou, China.